Although I don't know why Lu hired me again
However, from the perspective of annual salary, it is indeed very sincere
Several times that of other companies
You also applied
My second assistant
The designer is actually not bad.
Resistance is also good
After all, your current job is to eat youth rice
Not a long-term solution
Youth rice, you won't treat me like a duck
What's going on here?
The elevator is broken. Anybody? Anybody?
I have right arm phobia
Need to go out ASAP
Are you all right?
Someone, the elevator is broken, come on
Guo Tingyue, what's wrong with you?
Don't be afraid don't be afraid don't be afraid don't be afraid don't be afraid
This taste
So familiar